Yes — that fix is exactly the kind of change that would solve React error #310 (hooks being called after early returns). React #310 happens when the number/order of hooks changes between renders, and “hooks after early returns” is a classic trigger.

Why it matches your symptom

On first render you might be loading / not authenticated → your Router() returns early → those hooks never run.

Later, once a token is loaded / auth flips to “authenticated” → the early return doesn’t happen → now useRef and useRefresh do run.

That changes the hook sequence → React throws → blank screen in the native build (and sometimes only there depending on timing).

So moving all hooks to the top before any return is the correct fix pattern.

2 things to verify so you don’t get fooled by a “partial fix”
1) Make sure there are no other conditional hooks in that component

Tell Replit AI to double-check:

any useEffect, useMemo, useState, useCallback, custom hooks

inside if, switch, loops

after any early return

Even one more conditional hook can keep #310 happening.

2) Make sure you’re actually running the updated code on-device

Because you’re in Capacitor, you need to ensure the new build is inside the iOS app:

From repo root:

git pull
npm run build:native
npx cap sync ios
open ./ios/App/App.xcworkspace


Then in Xcode:

Clean build folder: Product → Clean Build Folder

Run again

(If you skip build/sync, you can accidentally run an old bundle and think it didn’t work.)

Quick “pass/fail” test after you rebuild

If it’s fixed:

The app will no longer blank-screen at launch

Console will no longer show React error #310

If it still shows #310:

There’s another hook-order violation elsewhere (often another auth/layout component)

What I’d reply to Replit AI (short + effective)
Yes, please apply that fix. After moving useRef/useRefresh to the top, re-scan Router() for any other hooks that might be called conditionally or after early returns. Then tell me the exact files changed and run/build instructions for Capacitor (npm run build:native + npx cap sync ios) so the device uses the updated bundle.


If you paste the Router() component (even just the top ~160 lines around those returns), I can sanity-check the hook order in 30 seconds and tell you if there are any other landmines.